Brother Surefoot, born to the name of Thaddeus Muckley, was the youngest son born to a farming family.  Despite their distributist, agrarian ways, the family was still, inexplicably, nearly destitute.  So one rainy night (it nearly always rained in those days) the parents left Thaddeus at the door of a nearby monastery.  He was wrapped in an oily rag with a nearly illegible note that said, as far as anyone could make out, "Youngest Muckley.  Keep him.  Please return the rag."

The monks had won great distinction for their fighting skillz, but what was lesser known was that they had great and welcoming hearts.  They welcomed young Thaddeus and trained them in their ways.  He was a poor bumbling pupil at first and was called Brother Hambone for many years.  But over time he developed an amazing sense of balance and agility.  Soon he had bravery and confidence to match.  

At the age of 20 his training was complete and the monastery began to dispatch the young monk to defeat local monsters.  He was a model monk, modest, calm and lethal.  He was soon known as Brother Surefoot and it was a journey of a thousand miles to meet someone who didn't know his name.

For 30 years Brother surefoot wandered the earth, winning glory and gold for his monastery, and living off the contents of his beggar bowl.  Then he returned to the monks and began a life of teaching and meditation.  

Students came from many lands for the chance to be a pupil of Brother Surefoot.  Few were chosen, but they were taught well.  

Brother Surefoot grew fat and proud.  He developed a swagger to match his deeds, and a fondness for fried food and liberal drink.  Some of the older monks were quietly resentful and began calling him "Brother Hambone" again.  

And then, one day, the Vampires came.  They came in force and they destroyed all they touched.  Brother Surefoot was nearly destroyed.  His pupils taken.  He was left for dead in the crumbling monastery grounds.

Then he began wandering the earth once more, under the name of Brother Hambone, a humble unassuming monk.  He wanders even now in search of his pupils, and the confidence he once had.
